README.md, before:

# RareTrackerVale (RTV)
**RareTrackerVale (RTV)** is an addon that allows users to track and share rare spawn timers in the Vale of Eternal Blossoms. The addon takes inspiration from the [RareCoordinator](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/rarecoordinator) addon authored by [elvador](https://www.curseforge.com/members/elvador/followers), which is an addon that has served a similar purpose on the Timeless Isle. RareTrackerMechagon uses a hidden chat channel to communicate with other clients located in the same shard, such that it can always provide the most up-to-date rare spawn timers. Please look at the [RareTrackerCore (RT)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackercore-rt) core addon for instructions on how to use the addon.

## List of available modules
- [RareTrackerMechagon (RTM)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackermechagon-rtm) for Mechagon
- [RareTrackerNazjatar (RTN)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackernazjatar-rtn) for Nazjatar
- [RareTrackerUldum (RTU)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackeruldum-rtu) for Uldum
- [RareTrackerVale (RTV)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackervale-rtv) for the Vale of Eternal Blossoms
- [RareTrackerWorldBosses (RTWB)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackerworldbosses-rtwb) for World Bosses
- [RareTrackerMaw (RTMW)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackermaw-rtmw) for The Maw
- [RareTrackerZerethMortis (RTZ)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackermaw-rtmw) for Zereth Mortis
- [RareTrackerDragonflight (RTD)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackerdragonflight-rtd) for the Dragonflight zones
- [RareTrackerTimelessIsle (RTTI)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackertimelessisle-rtti) for the Timeless Isle

Alternatively, you can download the [RareTracker (RT)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretracker-rt) addon, which will automatically add all modules, including those that I might add in the future!

Commit message:

[/master] Project retirement due to 12.0 breaking changes.

README.md, after:

# [DISCONTINUED] Broken by Patch 12.0 API Changes.

As of Patch 12.0 (Midnight), Blizzard has implemented a **secret value** system for unit identity and health data. Unfortunately. this addon relies heavily on reading unit names and health states to function, and therefore, its core logic and functionality is now completely blocked by the game engine. 

I don't see a way to work around these restrictions. Therefore, I have decided that this is a good point to retire the project. Thank you to everyone that used this addon and for all the support over the years.

# RareTrackerVale (RTV)
**RareTrackerVale (RTV)** is an addon that allows users to track and share rare spawn timers in the Vale of Eternal Blossoms. The addon takes inspiration from the [RareCoordinator](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/rarecoordinator) addon authored by [elvador](https://www.curseforge.com/members/elvador/followers), which is an addon that has served a similar purpose on the Timeless Isle. RareTrackerMechagon uses a hidden chat channel to communicate with other clients located in the same shard, such that it can always provide the most up-to-date rare spawn timers. Please look at the [RareTrackerCore (RT)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackercore-rt) core addon for instructions on how to use the addon.

## List of available modules
- [RareTrackerMechagon (RTM)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackermechagon-rtm) for Mechagon
- [RareTrackerNazjatar (RTN)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackernazjatar-rtn) for Nazjatar
- [RareTrackerUldum (RTU)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackeruldum-rtu) for Uldum
- [RareTrackerVale (RTV)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackervale-rtv) for the Vale of Eternal Blossoms
- [RareTrackerWorldBosses (RTWB)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackerworldbosses-rtwb) for World Bosses
- [RareTrackerMaw (RTMW)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackermaw-rtmw) for The Maw
- [RareTrackerZerethMortis (RTZ)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackermaw-rtmw) for Zereth Mortis
- [RareTrackerDragonflight (RTD)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackerdragonflight-rtd) for the Dragonflight zones
- [RareTrackerTimelessIsle (RTTI)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretrackertimelessisle-rtti) for the Timeless Isle

Alternatively, you can download the [RareTracker (RT)](https://www.curseforge.com/wow/addons/raretracker-rt) addon, which will automatically add all modules, including those that I might add in the future!
